new free app of the day in amazon android app store to pushover 
tagged photos on facebook to dropbox 
save links i share on facebook to a google drive spreadsheet 
if new item tagged daily_news in pocket then append to text file in dropbox 
tumblr likes are posted to buffer 
favourite soundcloud track to dropbox 
save feedly tagged items in dropbox text file wich you can use as a rss feed. 
email me whenever a 36g bra is listed in the randomactsofbras subreddit #reddit #bras 
upload any new popular photo from #500px to #google #drive... nice for some new #screensaver images. 
add new pocketed item to feedly's save for later. 
living room light on at sunset 
mirror pinboard with delicious 
notify me by email if it is raining 
if new article saved for later in feedly, then save it in pocket. 
post a tweet when feedly article is tagged 
if i save an image to #pinboard, then make a #backup to #dropbox 
post photos from instagram to tumblr 
send sms when jimmy fallon tweets the hashtag game 
fm faithful to evernote 
email a link to ifttt, #download to #dropbox 
jquery mobile blog post to email 
instagram a twitter 
500px > flickr 
add a new wordpress post & it updates to your facebook page 
append all new feedly sources to one evernote note 
flickr favorites to dropbox folder for screensaver 
look out, rain! 
save ios screenshots to dropbox 
email me the link to a saved feedly article 
feedly saved to evernote. 
save full resolution instagram photos to dropbox 
instagram linked with twitter 
if new photo added to ios album, upload to dropbox. 
my videos on youtube are linked with twitter 
send me a text message if it rains 
send me a #text containing a #daily #quote every morning at 11:00! 
post any new ffffound new for you recommendations as drafts to my tumblr, as they come up. 
every top of the hour, post #pumpernickel to my twitter account. 
if new item tagged recipe in pocket, then create a link note in evernote 
new feed item matches 'week's top downloads' from lifehacker gets sent to email. 
text me if wind speed rises above 50 km/h (10 m/s). 
text me if wind speed rises above 36 km/h (10 m/s). 
show past #weather reports on a #google #drive #spreadsheet. 
if you are going to be tagged in a photo you will get an email. please consider logging into your fb 
sends me an #email when there's a new post on r/fmf that is confirmed as a #sale. 
tweet deals from kinja so friends can see it 
fixed insta-tweet #instagram #twitter #integration 
new photos to box 
instant selfie to twitter! 
reminder to start exercising at a certain time. 
tweet when i favourite something in pocket 
get a notification whenever ifttt releases an update 
send pocket favourites to tumblr 
new youtube upload to wordpress draft 
if it's hot, tweet about irving berlin 
update twitter profile picture with facebook profile picture 
if i like an image in tumblr, download the image to my onedrive 
pocket favorite item to evernote 
it's raining tomorrow! be prepared. 
bbc f1 feed > twitter 
new photo uploaded to facebook auto uploads to flickr 
post your foursquare photos to flickr 
buffer articles favorited on pocket. 
#feedly saved for later to #pinboard read later 
when new photo added to block album, email that photo to us@heyblock.com 
instagram to tumblr #caninecommunityreporter #wccrtv #caninemarketing #charlietarochione #kathytaroc 
add staff picks at vimeo to your pocket queue. 
post instagram picture automatically 
make #foodporn tweets from flickr photos tagged 'food' 
ios evernote reminder to action pending in evernote 
facebook image to tumbler 
facebook photo posts upload to flickr 
google calendar text message 
when i share a link on my facebook, create a link note in evernote 
tweet espn f1 feeds 
email me if it is rain tomorrow 
instagram to wordpress 
call me at naptime! 
send any instagram photos i post with the hashtag #hackweek to me. 
remind me why i get up everyday. #jesus #motivation 
calendar 15 min reminder 
saved for later goes to delicous 
if it starts raining, then send me a text. 
at sunrise, send a #pushover notification to my phone with today's #weather (celsius) 
tweet tennis news 
tweet epl news 
post your new facebook profile picture to tumblr 
post wordpress to evernote for evernote bubble browser view 
turns public tracks from soundcloud into audio posts on tumblr 
links posted to fb become tumblr link posts automatically. 
facebook tag --> mail 
rss cartoons - ubersoft 
rss movies yify 
post instagram videos to wordpress 
add popular nytimes tech articles to pocket 
flickr faves to evernote 
6:15 mon-fri wake-up call 
turn my #hue lights to #red when there is a #noaa #weather alert for lake charles, la. 
create a blog with all twitter favorites... careful what you favorite. 
bitcoin repository on github: email alert for new release tags. 
favorit tweet link to save for later in feedly 
send completed ios reminders in the 'home to do' list to evernote 
save favorited tweets to dropbox 
feedly post tagged del sends it to delicious 
new feed item from lifehacker productivity sent to evernote notebook appstorm 
if smartthings presence detected notify by pushover 
flicker lights when it rains 
notify me when #nyt publishes a #technology article that becomes #popular. 
new wordpress post creates facebook page post. 
facebook status updates create twitter posts 
facebook link posts create twiiter posts 
upload tumblr likes to flickr. 
save your letters and mail into dropbox 
add a liked (favorited) tweet to buffer 
convert text to email 
upload all ios photos to flickr 
pocket tag #wordpress to evernote notebook wordpress 
images through #buffer aggregated into #tumblr as photo posts. 
turn off hue lights at midnight 
sends sms for calendar appointment with the word sms in title 
instagram photo uploads to flickr 
posts from wordpress blog to twitter 
send popular tech articles to pocket for offline reading! 
when calendar event with meeting in the title starts, create a note 
stock rise pushover. 
new soundcloud tagged dance to pocket queue. 
new photo on friends flickr feed sends text. 
new photo on friends flickr feed sends gmail. 
tumblr to blogger with tags 
new feed item matches 'dealhacker', send to email. 
weight to email 
stock price at close to spreadsheet 
feedly tags to diigo 
post my blog to tumblr 
backup blogger to evernote 
wpie status post to twitter 
every friday post on fb page happy friday 
fb status msg to tumblr 
fb pages post to tumblr 
fb page status to twitter 
get an sms when any event starts 
tweets new blog posts with url and image url 
save theverge's longform articles to pocket 
daily weather report as text message 
text me when it will rain tomorrow 
get email of ga announcements 
if i tweet , then send mail to my friends 
when i favorite a tweet, create a note in evernote with that tweet 
create a new blog post, create a new buffer post. 
add a new wordpress blog, post a link on twitter 
wip tag in flickr to fb 
featured tag in flickr to fb 
when posting a new link in facebook, append it to a note in your evernote. 
send twitter favourites to evernote 
if photo is posted in facebook, then upload it to my photostream in flickr 
collect new kijiji listings in a spreadsheet 
rss feed to wordpress post 
rss feed then create a link post on facebook page 
twitter to my blog-stream 
add the new gifs in /r/reactiongifs to my dropbox 
soundcloud in my inbox 
if weather is raining, change lamp to blue 
publish your favorite flickr images as new tumblr post 
send me a text message when it's raining 
weather report on email 
email me the act question of the day 
delicious link tweet 
photo post fb to photo on g+ with buffer 
sharing ig photos to fb page 
post your instagram photos to tumblr 
always know the weather! 
tagged instagram photo to wordpress 
vimeo likes to evernote caption 
notify glass to take and share pictures for events. 
send sms to ifttt and turn off lights 
backup facebook status updates to google spreadsheet 
facebook status to evernote 
write a new post - tweet it 
save teehan+lax blogposts to pocket 
any update for ifttt notifies you via pushover 
new tagged fb photo, create photo post on tumblr 
turn lights off at 9pm. 
tomorrow rain alert 
make your instagram upload a your twitter dp by adding a #twitterdp 
flickr -> twitter 
instagram post with specific tag is also posted on a facebook page 
dimmed hue light(s) on sunset 
time to bed! turn off hue light(s)! 
tracking fitocracy on your calendar 
save my foursquare checkins to google calendar 
save screenshots to evernote 
ios screenshot to evernote 
if euro/gbp exchange rate drops below limit then send me an email 
email me if rain is forecast for tomorrow 
bookmark on diigo to evernote 
wordpress posts to evernote 
get a text message when your username is mentioned on reddit. 
share instagram with twitter cards 
backup instagram photos to onedrive 
turn on a switch after weigh in. 
rss feed (trigger) to tumblr text post (with image & tags) 
daughter+bed time=lights pink 
archive tweets in google drive spreadsheet 
create a vimeo #video post on tumblr 
text for snow tomorrow 
if recieved mail tweet it 
chs teacher tech post to email 
register in evernote temp drop < 0°c 
tweet with #2pkt to pocket 
send me an email with shipping updates 
feedly articles saved for later, convert to pdf then upload to box (wifi only devices - enable offli 
tweet every hour for shranps 
if temperature drops below a temperature then append to a note in evernote 
pocket favorites to google drive 
post instagram to flickr 
your github issues to pushover 
save all favorited items from pocket to evernote full articles using ukeeper.com. 
delicious to pinboard 
every day at 7am notify me of the weather forecast via pushover 
#skolbloggen #rss feed to #email 
every day, get a new recommended recipe in your inbox 
remind me to take an umbrella with me if it's going to rain tomorrow 
tweet new post by ashley welton #wordcarnival 
tweet to tumblr text 
if tagged in facebook, send me a text message. 
if new feedly category article then create a new post on wordpress 
get sms'd when there's a new hot post in /r/iama 
turn on the lights when the sun goes down. 
warn for rain with one blue light. 
automatically tweets when you add any new item in pocket 
pinboard bookmark to twitter link post 
auto-diary. add foursquare checkins to google calendar. 
push today's weather report forecast to boxcar at 8:10am 
save archived article to dropbox 
send me a boxcar push if it is going to snow tomorrow 
blink lights when rainy 
lights on when sunset 
lights off at 2 am 
uk fco ukraine travel advice rss updates to sms 
my wordpress post at myfacebook page post 
feedly feed for item to pocket add 
my favorite teet to semd my email 
log check engine light codes to google calendar 
receive an email plus pop-up notification on your mobile when there's a new post on /r/btcnews 
text me apple's close price. 
ios screenshots to dropbox 
reddit to twitter 
if apple goes over 450than send sms 
dim patio light at 11:00 pm to 20% 
feedly article tagged to blogger post 
upload all new ios photos you take to onedrive 
save the photos you're tagged in on facebook to onedrive 
save the photos you upload on facebook to onedrive 
save your instagram photos to onedrive 
download new songs you like to onedrive 
upload all new 500px photos you post to onedrive 
upload all new flickr photos you post to onedrive 
create pages in onenote from a text message 
send your iphone screenshots to onenote 
send your pocket favorites to onenote 
send the links you tweet to onenote 
send your liked tweets to onenote 
send your instagram photos to onenote 
send articles from the nyt to onenote 
send the github issues you're assigned to onenote 
if the president signs a new bill into law, then send me an sms 
instagram to dropbox test 
send new ios photos to onenote 
new android police apps or games of the week 
if new pocket favorite, push it to pushbullet 
save my tweets to a google spreadsheet 
blog rss feed to blogger blog 
if feedly then add to buffer 
google stock price updated on twitter bio. 
if sunset, turn on hue lights. 
turn off all your hue lights at night 
fb tag > dropbox 
4square + sms 
new photo upload on page buffer add photo to buffer 
share great articles from feedly to buffer 
new linkedin contacts in a google drive spreadsheet 
plex release announcements rss to pushover 
notification if tomorrow's forecast predicts rain 
email new cloudera blog entries 
#weather #sms #cold #brooklyn 
notify when car turned on 
every weekday at 06:00 am send me a text to do work 
add your foursquare checkin history to your google calender 
new editor's choice to evernote 
500px new choice photo to dropbox 
500px new popular photo to dropbox 
if any new public photo on flickr photostream, then post a tweet with image to twitter. 
if any new public photo on flickr photostream, then create a photo post on your tumblr 
if new favorite item, then create a page with an image 
put aapi ufo videos into pocket 
if feedly then pushover 
get today's weather at 8am as an if notification. 
get today's weather at 9am as an if notification. 
send me notification of new free app of the week 
tweet when netatmo noise level exceeds certain level 
for each new rss item from my paper.li, add a row to my google spreadsheet. 
if new top post in r/ama, send an email. 
new post in /r/fitness send me an email. 
tweet when the white house opens a new github repo 
tweet when 18f opens a new github repo 
tweet when cfpb opens a new github repo 
tweet when nga opens a new github repo 
tweet when commerce opens a new github repo 
tweet when state opens a new github repo 
tweet when interior opens a new github repo 
tweet when usgs opens a new github repo 
at 04:15 am, send me text with the today's weather. 
email me new opencart blog entries 
long press on wemo changes hue light(s) 
new face's status to twitter 
tweet when epa opens a new github repo 
tweet when labor opens a new github repo 
tweet when usda opens a new github repo 
tweet when usda-ers opens a new github repo 
tweet when usasearch opens a new github repo 
tweet when usaid opens a new github repo 
tweet when usagov opens a new github repo 
tweet when state-hiu opens a new github repo 
tweet when ise opens a new github repo 
tweet when redhawk opens a new github repo 
tweet when project open data opens a new github repo 
tweet when project interoperability opens a new github repo 
tweet when presidential innovation fellows opens a new github repo 
tweet when peace corps opens a new github repo 
tweet when ozone platform opens a new github repo 
tweet when nrel opens a new github repo 
tweet when nhlbi opens a new github repo 
tweet when ncip opens a new github repo 
tweet when ncbi tools opens a new github repo 
tweet when ncbi opens a new github repo 
tweet when national park service opens a new github repo 
tweet when nasa opens a new github repo 
tweet when mcc opens a new github repo 
tweet when los alamos opens a new github repo 
tweet when library of congress opens a new github repo 
tweet when informatics lab opens a new github repo 
tweet when imls opens a new github repo 
tweet when hpc opens a new github repo 
tweet when history at state opens a new github repo 
tweet when hhs opens a new github repo 
tweet when gsa opens a new github repo 
tweet when foreign assistance opens a new github repo 
tweet when fda opens a new github repo 
tweet when fcc opens a new github repo 
tweet when cfpb eregs opens a new github repo 
tweet when erdc-cm opens a new github repo 
tweet when education data initiative opens a new github repo 
tweet when va opens a new github repo 
tweet when hhs cms opens a new github repo 
tweet when chaos opens a new github repo 
tweet when adlnet opens a new github repo 
text me if it rains. 
every new hot reddit post goes to pocket 
if new item added on pocket, then email me 
youtube to facebook page 
tweet favorite videos on vimeo 
bookmark vimeo favorites on delicious 
ios reminder to take evening medications @ 8pm 
12:15 reminder for lunch medications. 
send if notification if weather rises above 75 fahrenheit. 
instagram to fb fan page 
instram to twitter e 
adding rss items to buffer as photos 
sms to pushbullet 
androidpolice apk to if notification 
if your facebook profile picture changes, then update your twitter profile picture. 
sound cloud to facebook page 
text me if i missed a call 
send if notification when dognzb registrations are open! 
unmute phone when i wake up 
mute my phone when i am in the chunch & turn on vibrate 
every day at 4:45am, add today's weather report to my calendar 
upload nasa's astronomy picture of the day (#apod) into a google drive folder. 
if it is raining or starting to rain, get notified so you know that you have to get ready your umbre 
post photo tweet from rss 
today's weather via email 
pocket feed sent by email 
set device wallpaper to facebook photo you are tagged in 
blog -> twitter 
mail me the latest apple press release 
unmute my phone in the morning 
unmute my phone when i leave the office 
automatically upload iphone selfies to google drive 
soundcloud favorites to google drive 
iphone screenshots to dropbox screenshots folder 
popular 500px category to android wallpaper 
if i like the photo ,then save it in dropebox 
tweet your public youtube uploads 
instaram ke twitter photo 
new story from rstrt0 on reddit /r/talesfromtechsupport. text 
post new wordpress entries to twitter 
if new editors' choice photo on 500px (any), then add file from url to dropbox 
new story from airz23 on reddit/r/talesfromtechsupport or /r/airz23 
notice me by mail when certain feed updates 
is it sunny? update your wallpaper to reflect the mood. 
is it snowing? update your wallpaper to reflect the mood. 
mute my phone when i leave home 
tut-tut, it looks like rain if notification 
everyday at 08:45 am send current temp and forecast to google glass 
xkcd (rss) to pocket 
if movie related article then notification 
if if get out of school, then set ringtone volume to 100% 
when xperia blog posts a new post, send me a notification! 
free stuff on reddit 
instagram to fb #2 
new youtube video then create a new blog post 
save new android apk torrents from tpb to spreadsheet 
good morning text 
toucharcade rss -> email 
vimeo watch later -> email (for evernote reminder) 
new ecig/vapor related post from casaa, then send a notification via pushover 
record details of any call placed 
share your instagram photo on twitter 
if any new sms received, then add row to spreadsheet google drive 
leave work and turn the volume back on. 
tweet diigo public posts 
sabbath hours mute 
set phone to vibrate in the morning on workdays. 
notify me when paranatural.net updates 
technology articles to daily email 
make a backup on dropbox of every instagram photos i've taken. 
post any new instagram photo on twitter with the picture embedded in the tweet. 
if any new event is added by anyone on a shared google calendar, then send me a notification. 
create a daily log of my fitbit activity in evernote. 
daily goal not met by 7pm? send me a text. 
restore my ringtone at waketime 
add a document to google drive with your daily stats 
email my spouse if i do not meet my daily step goal by 8pm 
notify of new reddit post for search amazon coin free 
fresh meat's top 10 new android apps of the week to email digest 
if new ifttt channel, then send a if notification 
tweet calendar event with hashtag 
youtube upload to facebook page 
youtube upload to wordpress post 
youtube upload to delicious bookmark 
youtube upload to reddit submit link 
youtube upload to blogger new post 
send a notification if i don't get enough sleep 
text me my weight 
save photos to flickr 
tweet if you wre tagged in 
from facebook to flick'r 
rss of #uvmblog > twitter 
share specific facebook photo on twitter 
rates of exchange alert (£ to $) 
save my #tumblr photo posts to #dropbox 
when entering or exiting rackspace sf, post to a slack channel 
photo from dropbox to picasa by gmail 
unmute my phone whenever i exit the office 
append completed toodledo tasks in evernote note 
new article added feedly category 
mute your phone when connected to a specific wi-fi 
post new instagram photos to facebook page album 
don't miss your bus stop. if you enter an area, then send a notification. 
append instapaper highlights to evernote note 
instapaper likes to private delicious bookmark 
if new post in /r/atheism, send if notification 
send new xkcd-what-if questions to me via e-mail 
send archived pocket items to dropbox 
send flickr to dad's email 
enter an area, get a notification. 
turn all hue lights to red color if smoke alarm emergency in bedroom 
turn all hue lights on if smoke alarm emergency in bedroom 
bedroom nest protect battery is low, add reminder to list 
receive a notification when your thermostat is set to away mode 
like a photo on tumblr and upload it to your flickr photostream. 
if temperature drops below 48f, send me an email. 
post daily activity summary from fitbit to a self-hosted wordpress site 
receive a notification on your ios device if new post on a blog you follow 
daily fitbit summary to evernote #lifestream 
send sms for each square payment 
save my check-in at restaurants to a spreadsheet 
words blog to evernote 
create daily log of stock price at close to google drive spreadsheet 
todays weather report - celcius 
auto set nest temperature high if it gets cool outside 
turn ringer off for church 
add an event to my calendar when my engine light turns on. 
if there is motion detected in my house, then send me an sms. 
stock drops in price, send an sms 
instagram snaps to twitter 
rain android wear notification 
pocket items to pinboard 
mute phone when at work 
pinboard items to pocket 
send me an email whenever a /r/boston post becomes top rated 
email me photos i'm tagged in. 
find my phone! turn volume up by sending a #sms volumeup to my phone 
phone silence when your at work 
hot new reddit wallpaper post updates android device wallpaper 
auto-tweet your pic when you post to ig! 
new tweets forward to facebook fan page 
new photo > wallpaper 
any new payment accepted via square sends you an email 
add new square payments to a spreadsheet 
payments over $____ send you a notification via google glass 
payments over $____ send you a notification on android 
refunds over $____ send you a notification on android 
curate content with feedly and schedule with buffer. 
upload every taken photo to box 
stock raise ios 
tumblr pic -> twitter 
post new instagram pics as native twitter pics instead of just links. 
download any photos of me to dropbox 
payments over $____ post a celebratory message to a group on groupme 
new payments create new notes on evernote 
email me new #twitter followers 
payments over $____ send an email to any address you choose 
refunds over $____ send an email to any address you choose 
receive an if notification for new square settlements 
archive sent sms to evernote 
post new tumblr blog to wordpress 
post new tumblr blog to wordpress 
rss 2 reddit 
automatically connect your droid to open wifi networks and receive a text alert 
share dash trips to google sheets 
send your lights into a color loop when the iss passes overhead 
get pushbullet notifications for new youtube videos 
get missing kids.com to send you an amber alert via a text message when there is children missing. 
send a text message when iss passes over a certain location 
upload new photos to google drive 
if any new photo, then append to a note in evernote 
tweet my reddit posts 
placed new photo in selected dropbox folder then this photo upload on your facebook page 
save your messages on spreadsheet for your fb monitoring 
post from tumblr to wordpress 
save tweets you favorite to pocket 
forwarding an sms to my task list 
buffer blogposts to google spreadsheet 
every day's weather right to your phone. 
starting to rain? send me a notification! 
instagram > clickonthings.tumblr.com 
silence phone at night 
if it snows gmail 
delicious to wei 
new buffs to reddit 
receive notification on desktop if you receive a call on phone 
pics from dropbox to box 
save the nasa image of the day to your ios photos. 
if i share a link on facebook, add it to my tumblr queue 
instapaper saved > if notification 
if new link post on fb -> tweet 
send me an email when new skype update is released 
send me an email when new google chrome stable is released 
wake up call!!! 
get email on fb profile change! 
ios photo to gdrive 
send out a tweet when you favorite someone's tweet 
tweet someone when you favorite their tweet 
yt to delicious 
yt to instapaper 
yt to onenote 
yt to tumblr (video post) 
yt to twitter 
gre word of the day by sms 
links on facebook saved at pocket 
instagram photo - share on tumblr - auto posts photo to twitter 
ios photos to drive 
rss to bit.ly 
send me the closing price for a ticker! 
enter ares mute ring tone, enable vibrate 
add meeting minutes to evernote when a new event added at google calendar 
get email when +googleanalytics posts on g+ 
pitchfork best new album to pocket 
tumblr to bloger become easy one 
facebook status updated on twitter 
hashtag test for voicemail --> gmail, then further distribution 
mail me best & worst articles from uproxx 
alert people on #twitter when you come out with a new #youtube video 
above 25℃ tomorrow? send a notification! 
notify me of the weather every morning. 
rain warning to twitter. 
square sale then fb page post 
500px popular (people) to google drive 
tell my glass i have a text 
google blog notification 
fb photo then post to twitter 
soundcloud 2 sinaweibo 
record car trips in a google docs spreadsheet 
text me if it rains tomorrow. 
create a database of your twitter followers 
give me a ios push when the rss add a new article. 
gk fb page -> wordpress 
instagram to fbp 
fbp to twitter 
check in and add to sheet 
get notifications of new design articles 
instagram images show automatically on twitter 
if the nest is set to away, turn off wemo insight. 
track your foursquare checkins on google calendar 
get a notification when @caskdays sends a tweet alerting that a cask is finished 
send a notification with the current bitcoin value from twitter. 
save top truereddit articles to pocket 
push sbr all team forum posts rss-->email 
upload new photos to onedrive automatically. 
permanent record of your facebook posts 
save article for later add to todoist 
exchange rate report 
if any post is made in your blog add task in todoist 
daily todoist completed tasks digest 
create todo from your calendar event #todoistifttt 
weather report on if notification 
review your completed todoist task in a spreadsheet 
if new trending gif, then send me an email 
add new reminder to todoist 
if it's going to snow, then notify me that hot cocoa and reading by the fireplace is in store. 
add new reminder to todoist inbox 
new screenshot. add a doc. to google drive 
notify me tomorrow's weather in celsius only this evening. 
facebook photos tagged with me are sent to dropbox. 
todoist to ios reminders 
startup daily digests - entrepreneur (reddit) 
startup daily digests - advanced entrepreneur (reddit) 
saved pocket links to google drive spread sheet rows 
completed todoist tasks into evernote 
if someone tags you on fb, create task to respond later. 
let my jealous gf know i'm leaving the house. 
/r/earthporn to ios photos 
android text msg >> ios 
amazon android app of the day gmailed 
feedly saved for later to to-doist task 
if there's a new post in /r/beachparty, send me a push 
send a sweet message to a loved one when it gets very cold 
feedly tag to slack 
send me a text when i get a mention on twitter 
send me a text every time a specific user on twitter tweets something 
if event from search for 'off' starts on google calendar, then set temperature to __° 
event in gcalendar saved as to do on evernote 
tweet sleep duration from fitbit 
post tumblr image to fb fanpage 
have porch light come on when motion is detected. 
push room temperature to weibo by nest measuring 
iss is passing over central london 
tweet to android 
sms when you arrive at disney world 
log your whereabouts to a spreadsheet 
notfy tweets in an area 
post from instagram to twitter 
rss to onenote 
yt to gdrive 
yt to tumblr 
instagram photos to flickr #flickr #instagram 
mute my phone at bedtime 
send new post in /r/depra an email 
post instagram to twitter with photo 
save top /r/truereddit articles to pocket 
if temp drops below 60, notify me! 
tumblr draft post for every feedly saved for later 
save a reddit image post, get a draft tumblr photo post 
digitalsmb rss to twitter 
save all hyperrat tumblr posts to pocket 
sbr cat4&5 forum rss -> gmail 
flickr favorite to android wallpaper 
save my ios photos to one drive 
twitter favs to wordpress 
notify when new shift codes for borderlands are tweeted 
notify when wemo is on 
if wemo off notify 
if a popular product price changes notify me on ios 
if the president signs a new bill into law, then push a link 
if iss passes over ___ add row to google spreadsheet. 
a cool android or ios app gone free is listed, push a link through pushover. 
text me the weather forecast every morning 
tweet if i miss my fitbit target 
got home? email the person that should know! 
favorite article on twitter to pocket to read later 
receive a notification with your daily fitbit sleep record 
tumblr img to twitter img tweet 
tumblr video blog to twitter 
add tumblr link post to twitter (link to original url) 
wifi off = ringer mode 
making photos u liked your wall paper 
6:00 am weather notification 
new ios contact sends confirmation to that contact. 
instagram to secondary tumblr 
bayfeeds to facebook 
store your tweets in a google drive spreadsheet 
if you're tagged in a facebook photo, then update it to google drive 
new 'general' job at wordpress.net, send me an email. 
new migration job posted to wordpress.net? send me an email! 
new posts from search to box 
email new watch instantly items to myself 
weekly time sheet reminder 
if a joke becomes hot on /r/jokes send link to pushbullet. (can change subreddit) 
todoist to google calender 
when a new kindle ebook is added to amazon's best sellers list, send an email 
tweet from google calendar 
fs to twitter 
g+ to thumblr 
true widow twitter rss updates to tumbler #j_blu3jack3t 
tx_doomseer twitter rss updates to tumbler #j_blu3jack3t 
new post on wordpress shares a link post on fb fan page. trigger tag: broadcast 
send an email to trigger@recipe.ifttt.com with tag #callme and it will call you and read the email. 
facebook page to tumblr 
send email if calendar entry is tagged with #sendemail 
fb 2 twitter 
send me an sms if it'll rain tomorrow. 
tumblr counter mail 
add delicious bookmarks, as a link post to a tumblr blog 
if facebook posts link, tweet posts as well 
if tagged in facebook picture twitter will post tweet with image 
if facebook uploads new photo, tweet with picture 
foursquare to facebook page 
vimeo fav to evernote 
if there's a #weather warning in #dallas, send me a text message 
text me when windy 
instagram photos to evernote 
weatherreport : rain 
automatic wp blog updates on your facebook fan page! 
send me an sms when there's a tracking update. supports #usps #ups #fedex and #dhl 
if i upload photos on instagram, post the photo to my tumblr! 
update my twitter when i upload pictures on flickr. 
flick to tweet 
blogger to twitter 
#flickr #wordpressflickr to wordpress 
send me a prowl notification when my blog updates 
if there's a #weather warning in #rockwall, text me. 
add youtube videos to facebook page 
vimeo post to tumblr 
save emails to dropbox 
share new delicious bookmark to twitter 
post flickr pictures to facebook page. 
rain to sms verona 
when my photographics instics do something then show that on flickr 
add instagram photos to dropbox. 
last.fm loved track to twitter bio 
google reader feeds with keyword linkedin to evernote 
if new blog post, post to aca facebook 
from r/futurebeats rss to twitter 
wordpress to facebook pages 
#instagram to #dropbox 
pocket to pinboard 
pocket to evernote read 
blog feed to facebook page 
tweet my new flickr photo 
sunrise wakeup text 
add ig photos to ig album on facebook page 
tumblr photos to twitter 
wordpress blog posts create twitter posts. 
share new youtube uploads on twitter 
diigo to tumblr 
diigo posts to tweet 
flickr fav → tumblr 
tweet tagged flickr uploads. 
wordpress to buffer 
add your facebook status updates to google calendar 
repost from blogger to wordpress 
sunrise weather conditions 
facebook (status) > twitter 
foursquare checkins with photo to tumblr 
above 25°c in moscow 
from vimeo to twitter 
from #dropbox to #flickr 
from #delicious bookmarks tagged #inspiration to new #evernote note in inspiración folder. 
i'm adding instagram to dropbox! 
if you post a photo on facebook it posts it to twitter. 
post checkins to calendar 
add videos uploaded by me to google calendar 
add new links from my facebook account to google calendar 
add every new photo from my facebook account to google calendar 
add photos tagged with me from facebook to google calendar 
my facebook profile information changed – to google calendar 
my facebook page epythia changes to google calendar 
add facebook page epythia posted links to google calendar 
add every new photo from facebook page epythia to google calendar 
add all my 4sq check–ins to google calendar 
add 4sq check–ins with photo to google calendar 
save quote of the day to pocket 
create photo post on tumblr when i upload a new photo to instagram. #tumblr #instagram 
fb to wp 
facebook links post to twitter 
send and email tagged #lostphone to ifttt and your phone will ring! 
if there's snow tomorrow, send me an email. 
if foursquare then quick event on google calendar 
if rss then sms 
send sms if the macrumors rss feed reports that mountain lion is available in the app store 
backup all my #instagram pictures to #dropbox 
backup pictures i uploaded on #facebook to #dropbox 
save my favorite pictures on #flickr to #dropbox 
backup pictures posted to a #facebook page to #dropbox 
add a bookmark to pinboard and backup to delicious 
backup pinboard entries to diigo 
create public #bitly bitmark when a new post is published on my #wordpress blog 
automate new wordpress posts to blogspot 
instagram to tumblr photo posts 
twitter status to pushover 
save facebooked links to delicious. 
double-post new facebook photos to flickr. 
update twitter from facebook status 
sms if tomorrows forecast calls for rain 
post to #tumblr, #tweet out. 
save tumblrs to dropbox 
take out the trash reminder 
#text me the #weather forecast every morning at #sunrise 
tumblr text post to facebook 
tumblr quote post to facebook 
tumblr video post to facebook 
if post a tumblr photo, then post to facebook photo album! 
push me on new reddit post 
wordpress to blogger 
google+ post to wordpress 
new watch later on vimeo added to pocket 
post cnn news updates to twitter 
email subscriptions to any blog! 
email me when roger ebert gives a movie four stars. 
add new instagram pics to a specific ifttt/instagram dropbox folder 
#text (#sms) me the #weather in the #morning #everyday. 
dropbox update email 
add flickr favourites to buffer 
new post on a blog you follow with your tumblr account to pushover 
# blogger _ tweet 
if send ifttt a text tagged #todo, from cell phone then quick add event to google calendar. 
add to google drive if added to dropbox 
when motion is detected after 30 minutes, add it to a spreadsheet on google drive 
copy pinned pages to google spreadsheet 
save my facebook status updates to a google drive spreadsheet. 
update google calendar with each one of my facebook status updates. 
spreadsheet with the daily weather, triggered at sunset. 
spreadsheet with the daily weather, triggered at sunrise. 
save pictures from instagram to dropbox. #ifttt very nice sync app!!! :dd 
add recipes to evernote 
fb to twt 
#facebook #upload #box 
morning weather email 
add advisory appointment to evernote 
a post, posted to my #tumblr, gets a push notification via #pushover. 
noaa severe weather notifications 
post new soundcloud uploads to tumblr 
autopost new soundcloud uploads to twitter! 
autopost new soundcloud uploads to wordpress! 
auto-schedule tweets about new soundcloud uploads with buffer! 
autopost new soundcloud uploads to facebook page! 
post instagram photos to tumblr 
turn on the light every weekday morning so i can pray and blog (and not fall down in the den) 
simple notification about facebook tagging to sms. 
bitly2buffer #bitly #buffer #ifttt 
backup my post in box.net 
if it rains tomorrow, send the higt/low temperature in celsius to me. 
to backup facebook tagged photos in gdrive 
new sound file in dropbox folder creates private track on soundcloud! 
wired geekdad headlines delivered to email 
wired 'this day in tech' headlines delivered to email 
facebook photo to tweet with image 
email me the weather 
post a tweet after new blog post 
upload videos to youtube the post them to your blog 
send me an email when i can watch the sunrise 
send email with blog's update. 
if it rains. 
current condition changes to rain 
wordpress to blog 
high uv warning! 
form wordpress blog to evernote 
keeps facebook and twitter bios sync'd. 
instagram photos to google drive 
facebook link posts to livejournal via email 
new video on vimeo->facebook post 
new vimeo content-> twitter 
when a new pic is uploaded to facebook it's also copied to evernote. 
save facebook's status updates to evernote in a journal notebook 
auto-tweets titles and urls of blog posts 
tweet new add-ons from @herokuaddons 
automatic posting of blog posts to twitter 
blog post--> facebook page 
raining facebook post 
mac-tv.de - tweet to sms 
email trigger@recipe.ifttt.com with #ovcs in subject line to post a tweet that includes #ovcs 
backup new public bookmarks from pinboard to a single evernote note 
sends an sms whenever @dgshiftcodes tweets a new shift key for pc. 
downloads photos from facebook and adds them to dropbox's facebook folder. #facebook #dropbox 
creates a note in evernote everytime a check-in occurs. #foursquare #evernote 
sync #dropbox with #google #drive 
wordpress to facebook 
tweet new bit.ly links 
anytime i post a photo on instagram this will automatically publish the photo to my wordpress blog. 
blog post ==> tweeted 
saves any photo tagged with me in it on fb to dropbox. 
download the latest pictures from the #nasa earth observatory to your dropbox to use as a screensave 
photo check-ins to tumblr 
send an email when rain is scheduled for tomorrow#weather #rain 
send #pushover notification when i'm tagged in a #facebook photo 
check-in to dropbox 
add foursquare checkins to evernote diary! 
email myself with a note 
save all voicemails to ifttt to google drive 
when you upload a photo to facebook, it will backup a copy to box. 
share tumblr posts with evernote 
flickr > facebook page 
notification of new tumblr posts on blogs i follow... 
blogger to tumblr photo post 
fb updates become tweets too 
action that sends instagram pics to twitter. 
tumblr picture > wordpreess 
file email attachments in pocket #pocket #email 
instagram > flickr 
new adding to pocket posts a tweet recipe. very useful. 
tag updated and posted pocket article. 
blink the tree lights if it snows 
tweet after blog with octopress 
rss feed item creates tumbler text post 
youtube uploads creates bitly bookmark 
youtube upload creates evernote post 
youtube upload creates tumbler post 
vimeo upload creates blogger.com post 
vimeo upload posts to flickr 
vimeo upload announced on twitter 
make sure i'm emailed calendar reminders 
flickr fave to twitter 
an email is sent to me at sunrise with the current and day's weather conditions. 
post google calendar events to new note in evernote. part of the #evernotediaryseries 
when i'm tagged in a facebook photo upload to flickr with the tag facebook 
add file to my inbox in dropbox by email to trigger@recipe.ifttt.com tagged by #inbox. 
saves a favorited item in pocket to evernote with png and pdf snapshots. 
if bitly then pushover 
send sharepoint-blog entries of michael greth via e-mail 
if a youtube subscription uploads a new video, then text me. 
email a file to ifttt (preferably pdf) and upload to dropbox 
ifttt update sends email to you 
kingfisher tweets sent to email 
any new blog post goes to buffer. 
creates a note in evernote each time you favorite an item in pocket. 
500px popular feed to dropbox 
instagrams tagged #movelifestyle-> move fb album 
a new public favorite on soundcloud, creates new tumblr audio draft on your blog. 
if you're #tagged in #facebook, then email a copy to your smugmug. 
wemo off then on 
pushover new entry from iboardcast 
force gmail to check pop3 email account more frequently. 
status update diary saved onto drive 
wordpress-post to evernote 
all tagged facebook photos saved to dropbox 
let instagram work with twitter again. 
if facebook photo upload then tweet link and caption 
if facebook status then update twitter tweet. 
send engadget's daily roundup to my email 
if a new set is added to flickr, create a new note in evernote 
discountwatchstore.com feed tweets 
check-in places to gcal 
any #tumblr post to a #public #pinboard bookmark. 
if new post to carporn blog, post to twitter 
facebook photos to drive 
sending new rss items to pocket 
flickr favorites to tumblr photo drafts 
rss to email formatted 
if i'm tagged in a facebook photo, it's sent to my google drive. 
share from newsblur to twitter 
if i post a status message, back it up to a google doc 
get a text message at 3pm to remind you to listen to the church of lazlo. 
post new public bookmarks from delicious to buffer 
if item added to pocket tagged 'wedding' then append details to a text file in dropbox. 
a noaa weather alert containing 'tornado' with trigger an sms alert. 
a noaa weather alert containing 'hurricane' will trigger an sms alert. 
my video to blog 
automate your new youtube uploads to post a delicious bookmark 
pinboard.in @post items to buffer for distribution to social networks. 
etsy items added 
add all statuses to text file on dropbox 
stores check in's in an excel sheet for review later 
post new bookmarks in pinboard.in to twitter, so you can annoy your followers. 
fb link to twitter 
tumblr link to pinboard 
fb link to t 
favorite pocket to twitter 
#text me today's #weather every morning 
when i post a link on facebook, make a photo post on blogger 
knicks new to pocket 
save my tweets to google calendar 
log my tedmed twitter notes in an evernote notebook 
man of steel news from entertainment weekly 
post tomorrows weather forecast to a facebook page with a forecast link. 
when i upload a photo to instagram, upload a copy of the photo to dropbox. 
send vimeo watch later videos to pocket 
add foursquare check-ins to foursquare calendar on google 
new earthquake in new madrid zone > post to twitter. 
upload photo to facebook, post to evernote #lifestream 
facebook status message to evernote #lifestream 
tagged photos to evernote #lifestream 
automatically tweets and post hatebu what you favorite in pocket 
email about the todays weather 
tumblr photo to twitter 
receive an email every time a new job is posted to rpcv career link that does not require a master's 
emails me the weather condition on the next day. 
text me if it's gonna rain tomorrow! 
facebook to flickr 
4sq checkin photo to flickr 
send todays weather to pushover 
every time you upload a video to your youtube account, create a new tumblr video post. tip: in the f 
instagram updates on blogger 
archive #tumblr likes to #box 
publish fb page status on blogger 
a noaa weather alert containing 'tropical storm' with trigger an sms alert. 
flicker to dropbox 
rss mysolution.mobi to wp 
rss feeds to tweets 
bit.ly to sms 
tagged in a photo on #facebook? that photo will be uploaded to #box. 
if new article saved for later on feedly, tweet article title and link to personal twitter. #feedly 
